Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to log out in
Gwenevere Abriel: 60 seconds. We can't get online looking for audio and video
Matthew Montano: Hi.
Matthew Montano: Are you
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a second. I'm going to open up. Nope.
Matthew Montano: A real quick.
Matthew Montano: Already governments on the floor should
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and trying to see when the last time we met was actually maybe
Matthew Montano: Two weeks.
Matthew Montano: Ago.
Two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: For individual therapy.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, well, cuz
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm it's not for the reasons you think I need to know. So I'm going to back out of this note. And I'm going to just go look from a different place. I'm gonna go look somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna not even save that start from scratch. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see from a bird's eye view.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or diverts I know show 330
Gwenevere Abriel: No show for nine
Gwenevere Abriel: So this milk and March. Okay. Oh, we met on 310 so our last individual therapy was March 10
Matthew Montano: March, okay cool was that two weeks ago.
Matthew Montano: Was that two weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 10 what's today.
Matthew Montano: I don't go, man. Whoa.
Matthew Montano: 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what month
Matthew Montano: Last month, was it wasn't that long garden.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We met march 10. That's why I backed out
Gwenevere Abriel: So what does it mean to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It feels like two weeks ago.
Matthew Montano: I actually thought it was two weeks ago, though.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a month, more than a month ago.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was like two weeks.
Matthew Montano: Why not, why I've been seeing you in a group therapy. So maybe that's why it feels like less is more.
Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, but now I gotta go.
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the reference is March 10
Gwenevere Abriel: So since it's been over a month, we do need on the front end to review your goals. I like to do that monthly and it makes the accreditation body very happy that I do that I want everybody knowing that I'm reviewing goals. So we're going to start there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Aware that the elephant in the room is
Gwenevere Abriel: Us.
Matthew Montano: Or Cogan I'd seen, or what is it
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I hardly think that I think that you and I will find your way will find our way. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's enough trust between us. There's enough positive experience. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: That you'll you'll will be okay. But I'm going to loosen it kind of keep it superficial going to set, keep it light and fluffy on the outside for a little bit and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to invite. Well, let's talk a little bit about what's going on. But first, let's buffer. It was a little chitchat and we'll start with a goal of yours witches.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body summer ready
Matthew Montano: Is that what did I say that
Gwenevere Abriel: Do so that's a goal of yours. I don't know that exactly when is quite that what this is is a goal that you set. So let's write a little something something about that. How do you assess your body as summer ready
Matthew Montano: Well, it's not quite where I would want it to be.
Matthew Montano: But that's part of what the gym is closing down months ago, like over a month ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the note I'm writing is not quite what I want
Matthew Montano: Yeah, but I've still
Matthew Montano: Been keeping up with like Gordon on jobs and stuff. What I can with everything going on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on jobs. Let's give it a number, so that when we revisit this again in May, we can look and we can say, ah, oh backsliding or look at us. You're moving forward. So when you say summer ready, let's say it's zero to 10 and 10 is hot bought
Matthew Montano: Some clothes of five.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Not even close.
Currently,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to just extend that target date.
Gwenevere Abriel: To RG there is. Okay, next goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: next goal you have is have a good well rounded life. That's a big one. That's much bigger than summer bond that incomes encompasses a lot of moving parts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ships how you assess what a well rounded life is so there's a lot to it. Let me just bring bring in some past statement.
Matthew Montano: I feel, I feel like my life is generally
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Okay.
Matthew Montano: I go to work every day I pay my bills.
Matthew Montano: That type of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever known anyone who went to work, they paid their bills and yet from a distance, you're like, I don't look so well rounded
Matthew Montano: Yeah, but I don't feel I'm it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what else, what else might you describe my life is generally good. What else is good.
Matthew Montano: Um, I do things I like like when I have time I exercise that's always something that gets put on the backburner it's something else comes up for
Matthew Montano: My by my friends over for a certain movie night you like to watch or a TV show.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and I feel with going through a breakup right now and the whole like it's just kind of dragging on and I know life's good for that for that situation, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So even though this breakup is dragging on my life is good.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: As good as it can get life's never perfect but I say it's pretty well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's move
Gwenevere Abriel: On let's talk about round.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Matthew Montano: So we're
Gwenevere Abriel: On that circle that glow that sphere we have going to work, paying my bills. I'm exercising I'm socializing having people over and look at this a
Gwenevere Abriel: Little hurricane happen and I'm still going to work, paying bills. We had a breakup. That was the hurricane, and I'm still going to work. And I'm paying my bills. What else would make it
Gwenevere Abriel: well rounded
Matthew Montano: What else would make it
Matthew Montano: What else would make a well rounded
Matthew Montano: Being able to like if I went through a
Matthew Montano: Hurricane type situation like a breakup or anything like that, being able to handle it and not really affecting the other aspects of my life just
Matthew Montano: You know, that's a part of life, things like that. I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Having this breakup affect other parts of your life.
Matthew Montano: I don't feel like the k has like
Matthew Montano: I have it like going been going to work. You cry or like, you know, it doesn't really affect I don't, you know, I still get my job done.
Matthew Montano: Have a good attitude and, you know, deal with the situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've all met
Matthew Montano: Goal know
Gwenevere Abriel: For lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know
Matthew Montano: Cuz shoe. I know where I want my body when it's a goal is going to be bad. And that's long distance
Gwenevere Abriel: We moved off that we already closed that one very talked about that. Your goal right now is have a good well rounded LIFE THAT BAD THING IS, and don't even think about that right now.
Matthew Montano: Oh No for real. That's say that 10 times real well rounded by
Matthew Montano: Yeah, but no, because I always want better to be more successful and I you know I have. I'm in a one bedroom apartment right right now, I want a house. Eventually, okay, I want to get a dog because I don't have a yard right now, so I don't have a dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: When a house with a yard.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: A dog, a dog said, use your goal to be bad.
Matthew Montano: Don't need a yard for that first
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had
Gwenevere Abriel: A house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard the dog, and how would you measure success. Again, how would that be measured.
Matthew Montano: make you more money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you got a seven cent raise that's more money you successful
Matthew Montano: Know,
Matthew Montano: Like these are very difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what was hardly
Gwenevere Abriel: Success.
Matthew Montano: Because I kind of have a theme with shopping. I like going shopping for clothes or just stuff for the house and I know when I'm
Matthew Montano: Successful or where I want to be is where I don't have to
Matthew Montano: Pinch or like worry about how much cash I have and watch it. You know, I can just kind of have that extra money all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it all the time.
Matthew Montano: Um, that's a far reach but yeah hopefully we get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to be more successful. Um, I won't worry about how much cash and
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't worry about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Show shop, all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I can track all
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Have done she did what she could
Matthew Montano: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: All the time. Um, you'll have a house with the yard and you'll have a dog.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, that's what I picture in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, could we close this goal then then you'll have a good well rounded life.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Matthew Montano: Well, I feel like I have a real a good well rounded life in general right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that earlier I said did you reach that goal. Have you been close to close this goal.
Matthew Montano: No, no, because I feel like I don't want to stop reaching for something ever if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you can add another one. Just think about that.
Matthew Montano: Do I wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to close this one and open another one.
Matthew Montano: Yeah I there is aspects of myself. I want to change like
Matthew Montano: One being is
Matthew Montano: I guess.
Matthew Montano: How I am in relationship sometimes like I'm okay. When I'm just dating or not giving them.
Matthew Montano: Before we make everything official and before all these terms like
Matthew Montano: Where we can only be can be together and stuff. I'm okay before all that stuff. But once I get past that point, I don't like some aspects of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what, hey, watch this. This is how you know you ran into a goal. This is a convenient way to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to do more of this. I want to do less of something else. See if you can find that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: About this other piece, you mentioned, I got all that but just see if you can find turn it into something you, you and I could see more of a good measure it and now we know where they're or it'd be less than this other thing. What are those things.
Matthew Montano: overthinking things in relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a fragment sentence, putting in a full sentence.
Matthew Montano: I'm
Matthew Montano: overthinking, I don't know, like, What do you mean, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it down, you'll see that it's a private just
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't Domingo sense. So just write that down your goal, and then we'll know we'll get it, you know. Soon as you write it down right now.
Matthew Montano: Okay, your video is choppy, a little bit.
Matthew Montano: Um, okay.
Matthew Montano: You will your robot.
Matthew Montano: Okay, so
Matthew Montano: Well, cuz I'm thinking about it and I feel. Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't necessarily was
Matthew Montano: Always
Gwenevere Abriel: You bought paper and pens.
Matthew Montano: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's use it. Take your time. I'm gonna walk over here right on your bowl.
Matthew Montano: What
Matthew Montano: What if I was just thinking I let myself get into bad relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an explanation. Write down your goal.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Matthew Montano: Okay, I think I thought it would
Matthew Montano: Okay, so it says have a fun loving relationship in which we both have the same goals and like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm loving really
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationship in which we both have
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun. Whoops, I lost it.
Matthew Montano: Um, but have a fun loving relationship in which we both have the same goals in life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's take that. That'll be the overarching goal. That'll be something you're going to hear back at you, every month. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to hear back. How's your goal with having a fun loving relationship in which we both have the same goals in life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, how does
Matthew Montano: It work.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm reading it. That's the goal. You stated, I'm making sure that that's the one you want that you're going to hear back at you, every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you've been invited to consider getting a house plant.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, because you're working at recovery program you're still going to be looking at this goal every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you, you're going to see that and yet treatment me is saying, you may want to work on self for you start a romantic relationship if you're taking a recovery seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what people frequently do you'll hear in a lot of different places where they say kind of focus on your own growth and then get in
Matthew Montano: Romance. Well, yeah, that would just go back to like I said right now like financially stable. I have my life is comfortable. I have a good job. Um, I was like, one thing that would help me make make me feel better is going to the gym and just that used to make me feel good and like you know
Matthew Montano: And keep yeah he GIS and when you feel like you're looking good. And things are going good around you. Um, that's the goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to start over. Your goal is have a fun loving relationship in which we both have the same goals in life. You're going to hear that every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do with the fact that treatment, aka me is saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't start a romantic relationship for about a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do with those
With those
Gwenevere Abriel: Opposing be an opposition or the an opposition.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I think it's a good idea because I've been in a relationship for over a year and it didn't, it went well, till the end, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why I'm bringing up that frequently when people are in early recovery that they not only did they change people, places and things that they hold off on starting new romantic relationships. Why do you think that would help someone in recovery.
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: If you can be more focused on your recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay yourself just see how true any of that is for you. Try and make some statements with that. So you said you but try it first person and see, see if any even small pieces that if that is true. And you where you are in your recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it for you.
Matthew Montano: How well is it for me.
Matthew Montano: Relevant relevant. Um, I feel like it would help.
Matthew Montano: Because
Matthew Montano: My recovery has been a big part of my life for so long, but I but just been doing it for so long, like, You're not the first doctor. I've been to for this that I just kind of like
Matthew Montano: I feel like I've been
Matthew Montano: You know, doing it and doing it well considering a lot of the things I've been through in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those two things don't go together. I think, I think it would kind of help.
Matthew Montano: A lot
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't just stick with that I think and name with the it don't put an end in there. I think what's the it
Matthew Montano: Is recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it is not going to do it again. Ready.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You suppose you might benefit from not starting a romantic relationship.
Matthew Montano: Because I need to focus more on myself.
Matthew Montano: Because these things that I want to change about the relationship might have to do with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't learn them now, then what
Matthew Montano: If I
Matthew Montano: Now,
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I could be single for the rest of my life. That's fine. It's to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking with yourself and see why you brought in. I kind of been doing it and doing it. Well, you're almost like a little singer there for a second. I'm
Matthew Montano: Talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your Mac. Come back, come on, you just went off roading for a second. Come on back. So did I.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of been doing it well. Oh, and then you're not the soccer. I've seen I've been doing it well. I wonder why you said that. Do you know why.
Matthew Montano: Why wonder, Well Chris my life I've been through some hard situations in my life and considering I feel like I i am doing pretty well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mentioned that you've been seeing other doctors say that
Matthew Montano: Well, because I've been in recovery for
Matthew Montano: For for longer than which what I've been in recovery with you, which is less than a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that mean I don't I don't get that.
Matthew Montano: I'm working that
Matthew Montano: That I'm working on getting there, like we've been cutting down the amount of my medication, um,
Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: The doctors didn't cut down. So tell me, see if you can identify why you brought that in just now. See if you can grab it.
Matthew Montano: Grab it. What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you mentioned this other treatment program. You weren't tapering with these other programs. So see if you know brought it up.
Matthew Montano: Well, I don't know why he wasn't tapering me. I thought that was the point
Matthew Montano: Of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can figure out just now trying to track what I'm saying why you brought it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you. Who's this, we were talking about relationships and then you brought in, but I think going to treat me for a long time and I'm doing it and doing it well.
Gwenevere Abriel: You brought that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit with it a little while the fresh to it. Take your time.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I just was thinking, I don't like myself when I'm asked to take anything or rely on something.
Matthew Montano: I don't like that aspect of myself. So that's something I don't like about myself. So that could come out in other areas of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you move over to this other goal to
Gwenevere Abriel: Not rely on any substances, that's your goal. That's your phrasing not rely on any substances. That's the goal. You came in the door with with bright heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that goal.
Matthew Montano: I'm doing good on that because we've been cutting down by amounts as best I can.
Matthew Montano: And I'm still getting used to, like, where I'm at, at the one and a half.
Matthew Montano: I still
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still getting used to where I'm at 12 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Then
Matthew Montano: There's this
Matthew Montano: Like we're kind of I feel like we were starting from the beginning again but just in general, there's a lot of things that happen to me that I have to
Matthew Montano: Deal with, you know, before I'm not like a
Matthew Montano: Inside I need just deal with those things, you know, get those things out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet if you heard someone say that you would have no idea what they were talking about because you didn't sneak any connection between the beginning of that statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just randomly sort of said, I gotta go. I have no idea what that means. What are you talking about, well,
Matthew Montano: I don't know what we're focusing on today, like I need something to go off of, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even well think about that. I bet if we rewind this there'd be a really clear plan. I won't address the elephant and instead we will go over each goal. Actually, I'm quite clear. I'm really clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: But how are you feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about the elephant going to get into it now. Okay, we've got a nice 20 minutes or so to really get into it. How has it been feeling to be you for these 39 minutes
Matthew Montano: I feel good. Generally, I feel pretty good considering I just went through a breakup, like in the past, um,
Matthew Montano: What I went through a bad breakup, it kind of affected other aspects of my life and I feel like that hasn't happened this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing differently.
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I'm just realizing that something that happens in life, you know, and it's something that I maybe figure out about myself. So I don't let myself in a certain types of relationships.
Matthew Montano: Or so that I don't
Matthew Montano: Put up with certain games because I feel like I wouldn't have gotten into this whole mess by what if I would have read the read signs read
Matthew Montano: Like what
Gwenevere Abriel: Plants are red.
Matthew Montano: Flags or read them if I did have a jealousy issue there is these he would do to make them worse. I'm
Matthew Montano: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not you. So we're gonna stop for just a second. So you didn't ask you answered a question wasn't mine was an answer, but it wasn't my question. So lean in a little bit. So you can actually hear me. Let's do it again.
Matthew Montano: I can hear. I can hear you. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you answered someone else's question, not mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: yeahs last 40 minutes. Now, how have you felt
Matthew Montano: I feel frustrated because I can't bike.
Matthew Montano: I don't feel like we're getting anything done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you not getting done.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll talk about me in a second, but let's see about you.
Matthew Montano: When I not getting done.
Matthew Montano: Today's my day off. I feel like well I needed to catch up on sleep. So, not really. I was gonna say. Today's my day off. I could have got it earlier and wait for a jog or run or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is there any connection between getting up going for a jog or run
Gwenevere Abriel: And having to come in here today. Any connection.
Matthew Montano: They're both positive things my way
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're feeling frustrated that you're not getting something done. But just now you're you're calling sort of this is something that is a positive thing. So as it goes. It's both feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's frustrating.
Matthew Montano: Well, I feel like because you're asking these questions and I'm and I'm filling them giving answers, but it's like the night, not the right answer for you. So like
I mean,
Matthew Montano: Yeah, because I feel like if you asked me what you what you really need. I'll give it to you like
That
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's something underneath my actual questions, it's still something that I'm not saying
Matthew Montano: Yeah, if you want it. Like, if we're talking about like things that happened in my past that affect me now in relationships or why I let myself get into those situations like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot when I talk
Matthew Montano: Yeah, because I generally do with it pretty well. I think, and I'm getting better.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not the elephant in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what a pink elephant is
Matthew Montano: Yeah, yeah, no, that means
Matthew Montano: That that's the big like question or the big issue there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I talking about what's the pink elephant for
Matthew Montano: There we have a few weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is just so it's just meeting. That's it. So we already covered that it's been exactly those days. So we already covered it is the elephant still in the room.
Matthew Montano: Is Elphinstone the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a company. We already know that when it was
Matthew Montano: Something's there because I feel like we need to talk about something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me call
Matthew Montano: We call that I feel like we wouldn't have this problem. If I didn't have scheduling issues, a little bit of a scheduling issue with my work right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the problem at this that if it was perfect skin.
Matthew Montano: Like them calling me and for
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the issue. Already know if your schedule is perfect. There'll be no issue, what, what's the issue.
Matthew Montano: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: So perfect schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the elephant in the room.
What's in the room.
Matthew Montano: I don't know, because these are such general terms that I don't know what would he be
Matthew Montano: What's the elephant in the room. What's
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's go like this elephant pink elephant is a metaphor for something that apparently the scheduling would fix what's the pink elephant.
Matthew Montano: For me,
Sure.
Matthew Montano: For me, the
Matthew Montano: Pertaining to like counseling or or what I don't don't get it.
Matthew Montano: It just
Matthew Montano: Pretending to my life for
Gwenevere Abriel: pink elephant that scheduling would solve
Matthew Montano: Well, I still
Matthew Montano: It's a lot of doctors appointments. I feel like it's more than I need, like, I feel like the once a week individual with you as well. But the once a week, group therapy. I really don't feel like I need to do that.
Matthew Montano: Maybe once every two weeks. I just feel like that's the problem is it's a lot of appointments and I work a lot already. And you know, I need you know
Matthew Montano: I by friends over at the end of the day I cook for them. We watch TV show like assign try and stay busy and then like kind of lazy. If I can have steps up
Matthew Montano: And I feel like it's not gonna affect any other part of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did get lost in there. I have to admit,
Gwenevere Abriel: friends over and lazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just can't track very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just say that you
Matthew Montano: I feel like mean you were at a we were working on stuff so I don't know why not why we're not starting back to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. Why don't you look in
Gwenevere Abriel: inside and find out why.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that might be part of the frustration, not getting things done. So try and look and see
Matthew Montano: What not to hide anything. Or you can just feel like I don't really understand what you're asking because I'm not getting the right to keep saying so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, wondering, not the right answer is if I'm, I'm with holding the real question the real thing.
Matthew Montano: I'm once again I'm the type of person that I'm not going to. I don't like to cry people's shoulders. I hold things in and delete them myself. And the only way you're going to get that out of me as if you ask certain things, or we have work on certain things, I guess.
Matthew Montano: Is I'm not just gonna say, oh,
Matthew Montano: This is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the pink elephant that a perfect schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once all
Matthew Montano: That perfect says schedule itself.
Matthew Montano: That route.
Matthew Montano: I would be able to come to my meetings regularly.
Matthew Montano: And we wouldn't have this situation right now, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we call this situation right now. What do you call that
Matthew Montano: I think like we're just having a misunderstanding right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm misunderstanding. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the pink elephant.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Matthew Montano: You. I know. The only problem is I
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I know. I think the only problem we're having is, I missed two weeks. So we're on the same page.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you had to guess because I
Thought
Gwenevere Abriel: If you, if you had to guess that the pink elephant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is misunderstanding between you and I, or you, and Dr. Solomon or all three of us what where's the misunderstanding between you and I
Matthew Montano: Yeah, cuz
Matthew Montano: Cuz we're reevaluating these goals and I feel like
Matthew Montano: I feel like this is where we started and I don't know what is useful out of this because I
Matthew Montano: Like I feel like I'm doing I'm doing good in life. It's just like gotta work on
Matthew Montano: Little things
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to what the emotion is right now so you can find that. What is it,
Gwenevere Abriel: move beyond frustration what's underneath that
Gwenevere Abriel: Happening here in these 49 minutes it's been here the whole time.
Matthew Montano: frustrating because
Matthew Montano: I feel like you're trying to get deep inside my mind, but you're not telling me exactly what you want, so I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just say that I am withholding. Let's say I have a big question on asked, What are you doing in here to contribute to the Miss understanding
Matthew Montano: Now I know you had to answer your questions, I guess.
Matthew Montano: I'm really
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Oh,
Matthew Montano: You're just like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, your intelligence. So see, try again. What are you doing, if I'm withholding
Gwenevere Abriel: Already imagining the worst thing I was holding some important piece of information. And the real question that's not a fun thing for me to even imagine.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing to contribute to the Miss understanding
Matthew Montano: Not making my appointments on time or not good missed a couple of appointments, I guess, because we wouldn't be starting over like this. If I did it.
Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a couple of things I can clarify, just to address that. That bit right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if the worst thing that you were doing was missing the appointments
Gwenevere Abriel: As you didn't want to actually attend
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that what if you thought I don't need to attend them. I only want to go every other week and
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Gwenevere Abriel: That was
Gwenevere Abriel: A misunderstanding.
Matthew Montano: Well, no, no, no, it's not that well the thing I know I said I don't want to go to every week was the group there. I don't mind doing these every week.
Matthew Montano: Because the one on one therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm sitting here with the idea that I might be withholding something I tried that on true, not true. Don't know we haven't even gotten to that, but I'm sitting with it for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm imagining
In this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not asking the real question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm withholding something from you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing to control
Matthew Montano: I don't feel like I'm withholding so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Matthew Montano: I feel like you're
Matthew Montano: Just like this question.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel while you are doing everything you possibly can and I am the one with holding what's I feel like
Matthew Montano: Frustrating, you will work with holding something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you still believe it's true.
Matthew Montano: I still believe it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm asking, can we might want to sit closer because I keep having to repeat myself.
Matthew Montano: No, no, I can hear you can hear you. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I
Matthew Montano: I'm not hiding me theory, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Something can you
Matthew Montano: You know, you're trying to get something out of me, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't asked the question, not the real one.
Matthew Montano: Well, because we were just talking about goals and my goals in life are just to be successful.
Matthew Montano: At work.
Matthew Montano: You know, be able to live financially stable.
Matthew Montano: If I can get a good guy in my life.
Matthew Montano: And, you know, have a dog, maybe a kid later on. I feel like in those things are already in my life right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you be open to listening to this recording next week.
Matthew Montano: No, I do not like watching myself.
Matthew Montano: I did frustrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say that you'd watch this video next week. What I do you remember what asked
Matthew Montano: If I'd be open to
Matthew Montano: Watching this next week, listening to it.
Matthew Montano: Listen to it. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do that. I want
Matthew Montano: To like that was
Matthew Montano: So frustrating for me, too, because I spoke written, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess. Well, we don't, we don't know. We'll find out.
Matthew Montano: We'll just keep it. It's like, it's like 10. Is it just like
Matthew Montano: No like
Matthew Montano: Asked me. Are you happy.
Matthew Montano: Like if you're trying to get like this something hurting you right now. You like I feel like I can tell you that or something, but I don't feel like you're asking those things because I thought we were at a point where we're starting to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think we're starting over because and asking you about the goals that you expressed
Gwenevere Abriel: Over these months working together. Those were your stated goals and you have interpreted as we're starting over, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm causing contributing to the misunderstanding, because there's a question. I haven't really asked, and you're apparently doing everything you possibly can. You're doing everything you possibly can. Right.
Matthew Montano: My bond, I guess not. Because we're, we're both not understanding something
Gwenevere Abriel: What you've got four minutes. See if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: make the most out of these three or four minutes. See what you want to go with what did you do here today it contributed to our Miss under standing. What have you been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you, what are you doing
Matthew Montano: I don't think I did anything wrong this time because I feel like if you ask more
Matthew Montano: If we were working on a certain type of thing, like we had in the last few weeks, like, today we're going to talk about this or. Today we're going to match the room. What's that room worth like
Matthew Montano: And I feel like those things brought out certain emotions. Right now you're just asking you, general questions like, what are your goals and I'm telling you exactly what my goals are, like, I don't know how else to explain it.
Matthew Montano: Will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready. I wrote this down already.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing to contribute to our misunderstanding.
Matthew Montano: I feel like I'm doing anything. I'm not like with all things up to you if you asked.
Me too.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder why we have misunderstanding.
Matthew Montano: Because I'm not answering your questions right the way you want me to. And I don't understand why not
Gwenevere Abriel: And I say you weren't answering them correctly.
It.
Matthew Montano: It seemed like yeah because he kept asking him over and over again.
Matthew Montano: The same kind of the same question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we're at the top of the hour. Let's schedule another appointment.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. God, this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend some time thinking about what you did to contribute to the Miss understanding and an awful one I did mine part you did your part, find out what yours was
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Matthew Montano: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not happening. Cool. One that's you just described it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is at least at a minimum.
Gwenevere Abriel: A volley. So, see what you did.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Matthew Montano: I think real hard about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule an appointment and
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what your work schedule is next week or go get it, go see what you got to look at it so that it's meant to it.
Matthew Montano: It's a safety on Thursdays and Fridays are are off.
Matthew Montano: They switch my schedule is that Mondays and Tuesdays, or Thursdays and Fridays off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm booked right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to April 30
Gwenevere Abriel: At
Gwenevere Abriel: 10pm on
Matthew Montano: April 30 10am you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: 110 so that's 1pm plus 10 minutes 1:10pm
Matthew Montano: Oh, it sounds like it's at 10pm, sorry.
Matthew Montano: That
Matthew Montano: The video is kind of shocking.
Matthew Montano: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really didn't want to do, I'm going to talk for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me say it all the way through. So you can just hear the fluid recording Trent relay, whatever you want to call it. Our next individual therapy is April 30 at 1:10pm Mountain Standard
Gwenevere Abriel: And your invitation. Should you accept this challenge is to explore what you did with your Ali.
Matthew Montano: Don't know what I do, though. Okay, I'll think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you need me to message. The doctor occasion. That's bridge to today.
Matthew Montano: Um, yeah. The I have medication to the group therapy on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: On I'll see them.
Matthew Montano: Okay.